documentation/1-guides/1-using-field-values.md, before:

# Using field values

This guide will show how to get and output field values in your theme. The use-case we will be discussing is for a copyright rich text field that we'll display in the theme's footer.

First, we'll need to define our theme options container and the rich text field in it by adding the following snippet at the top of your `functions.php` file:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Field;
use Carbon_Fields\Container;

add_action( 'carbon_fields_register_fields', 'crb_attach_theme_options' );
function crb_attach_theme_options() {
    Container::make( 'theme_options', __( 'Theme Options', 'crb' ) )
        ->add_fields( array(
            Field::make( 'rich_text', 'crb_footer_copyright', 'Copyright' ),
        ) );
}
```

If you open your administration panel you will see the newly added "Theme Options" section:

![Theme Options admin page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/htmlburger/carbon-fields-docs/master/assets/using-field-values-1.png)

Then, we'll have to edit the theme's `footer.php` and output the field value:

```php
<?php
// get the field value
$copyright = carbon_get_theme_option( 'crb_footer_copyright' );

// output the field value
echo $copyright;
?>
```

##### Example 2: Post Meta

Here we'll create a field labeled "Venue" where authors can enter a place relevant to the post:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Field;
use Carbon_Fields\Container;

add_action( 'carbon_fields_register_fields', 'crb_attach_post_meta' );
function crb_attach_post_meta() {
    Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
        ->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
        ->add_fields( array(
            Field::make( 'text', 'crb_venue', 'Venue' ),
        ) );
}
```

If you edit a post you will see the newly added "Post Options" meta box:

![Post Options meta box](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/htmlburger/carbon-fields-docs/master/assets/using-field-values-2.png)

Then, we'll edit your Loop code like this (most likely found in `index.php`):

```php
<?php while ( have_posts() ) : the_post(); ?>
	<p>Venue: <?php echo carbon_get_the_post_meta( 'crb_venue' ); ?></p>

	<!-- your usual WordPress Loop code here -->
<?php endwhile; ?>
```

Commit message:

add note about carbon_fields_fields_registered action

documentation/1-guides/1-using-field-values.md, after:

# Using field values

This guide will show how to get and output field values in your theme. The use-case we will be discussing is for a copyright rich text field that we'll display in the theme's footer.

##### NB: Field values can only be retrieved after the `carbon_fields_fields_registered` action has fired.
The `carbon_fields_fields_registered` action is called in the `init` action with a priority of 0.

---

First, we'll need to define our theme options container and the rich text field in it by adding the following snippet at the top of your `functions.php` file:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Field;
use Carbon_Fields\Container;

add_action( 'carbon_fields_register_fields', 'crb_attach_theme_options' );
function crb_attach_theme_options() {
    Container::make( 'theme_options', __( 'Theme Options', 'crb' ) )
        ->add_fields( array(
            Field::make( 'rich_text', 'crb_footer_copyright', 'Copyright' ),
        ) );
}
```

If you open your administration panel you will see the newly added "Theme Options" section:

![Theme Options admin page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/htmlburger/carbon-fields-docs/master/assets/using-field-values-1.png)

Then, we'll have to edit the theme's `footer.php` and output the field value:

```php
<?php
// get the field value
$copyright = carbon_get_theme_option( 'crb_footer_copyright' );

// output the field value
echo $copyright;
?>
```

##### Example 2: Post Meta

Here we'll create a field labeled "Venue" where authors can enter a place relevant to the post:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Field;
use Carbon_Fields\Container;

add_action( 'carbon_fields_register_fields', 'crb_attach_post_meta' );
function crb_attach_post_meta() {
    Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
        ->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
        ->add_fields( array(
            Field::make( 'text', 'crb_venue', 'Venue' ),
        ) );
}
```

If you edit a post you will see the newly added "Post Options" meta box:

![Post Options meta box](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/htmlburger/carbon-fields-docs/master/assets/using-field-values-2.png)

Then, we'll edit your Loop code like this (most likely found in `index.php`):

```php
<?php while ( have_posts() ) : the_post(); ?>
	<p>Venue: <?php echo carbon_get_the_post_meta( 'crb_venue' ); ?></p>

	<!-- your usual WordPress Loop code here -->
<?php endwhile; ?>
```
