documentation/40-advanced-topics/5-updating-values.md, before:

# Programatically updating field values

Carbon Fields allow you to update field values programatically through the set of `carbon_set_{container_type}( [$id,] $field_name, $value )` functions.

##### Example 1

Setting the value for the `crb_text` post_meta field for the post with id of 10:

```php
// field definition
Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
	->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_text', 'Text' ),
	) );

// updating
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_text', 'Hello World!' );
```

##### Example 2

Setting the value for the `text` post_meta field for the post with id of 10 when the field is inside the `crb_complex` complex field:

```php
// field definition
Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
	->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'complex', 'crb_complex', 'Complex' )
			->add_fields( array(
				Field::make( 'text', 'text', 'Text' ),
			) ),
	) );

// updating
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_complex[0]/text', 'Hello World!' );
```

If we want to update the second `crb_complex` entry we can do the following (notice how the `[index]` part changes):

```php
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_complex[1]/text', 'Hello World!' );
```

##### Example 3

Setting the value for the `crb_complex` post_meta field for the post with id of 10 so it has 2 entries:

```php
// field definition
Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
	->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'complex', 'crb_complex', 'Complex' )
			->add_fields( array(
				Field::make( 'text', 'text', 'Text' ),
			) ),
	) );

// updating
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_complex', array(
	array(
		\Carbon_Fields\VALUE_PROPERTY => '_',
		'text' => 'Foo',
	),
	array(
		\Carbon_Fields\VALUE_PROPERTY => '_',
		'text' => 'Bar',
	),
) );
```

The `\Carbon_Fields\VALUE_PROPERTY` key acts as the group type and the default type is `'_'`.

Commit message:

add field name pattern docs

documentation/40-advanced-topics/5-updating-values.md, after:

# Programatically updating field values

Carbon Fields allow you to update field values programatically through the set of `carbon_set_{container_type}( [$id,] $field_name, $value )` functions.

__Note:__ when referring to fields you use a ___Field Name Pattern___ - more information can be found in the Field Name Patterns documentation page.

##### Example 1

Setting the value for the `crb_text` post_meta field for the post with id of 10:

```php
// field definition
Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
	->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_text', 'Text' ),
	) );

// updating
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_text', 'Hello World!' );
```

##### Example 2

Setting the value for the `text` post_meta field for the post with id of 10 when the field is inside the `crb_complex` complex field:

```php
// field definition
Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
	->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'complex', 'crb_complex', 'Complex' )
			->add_fields( array(
				Field::make( 'text', 'text', 'Text' ),
			) ),
	) );

// updating
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_complex[0]/text', 'Hello World!' );
```

If we want to update the second `crb_complex` entry we can do the following (notice how the `[index]` part changes):

```php
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_complex[1]/text', 'Hello World!' );
```

##### Example 3

Setting the value for the `crb_complex` post_meta field for the post with id of 10 so it has 2 entries:

```php
// field definition
Container::make( 'post_meta', __( 'Post Options', 'crb' ) )
	->where( 'post_type', '=', 'post' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'complex', 'crb_complex', 'Complex' )
			->add_fields( array(
				Field::make( 'text', 'text', 'Text' ),
			) ),
	) );

// updating
carbon_set_post_meta( 10, 'crb_complex', array(
	array(
		\Carbon_Fields\VALUE_PROPERTY => '_',
		'text' => 'Foo',
	),
	array(
		\Carbon_Fields\VALUE_PROPERTY => '_',
		'text' => 'Bar',
	),
) );
```

The `\Carbon_Fields\VALUE_PROPERTY` key acts as the group type and the default type is `'_'`.
