documentation/10-containers/30-theme-options.md, before:

# Theme Options

Theme option containers are used to add pages with options in the back-end. Field data is stored as [options](http://codex.wordpress.org/Option_Reference).

By default, theme options containers automatically create main page in the admin area menu named **“Theme Options”**. In most cases these default settings are sufficient, but if you need to change the title or the location of a page in the menu, read the **“Multiple option pages”** section below.

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Theme Options' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_facebook_url') ,
		Field::make( 'textarea', 'crb_footer_text' )
	) );
```

### Multiple option pages

It is sometimes needed to create more than one option page. At other times you need to place different pages in different sections in the admin menu. For example, you might have extensive list of settings for the background that you would want to place on a separate Theme options page under Appearance.

To change the location of your Theme Options page, you use `set_page_parent( $parent )`, where `$parent` is either:

* Title of a top level Theme Options page.
* Indentificator of a top level menu section in the admin menu sidebar. This corresponds to the `$parent_slug` parameter of [add_submenu_page()](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_submenu_page). You can see all predefined page parents [here](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_submenu_page#Parameters).

Below you see sample code for creating three theme option containers:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

// Default options page
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Basic Options' )
	->where( 'current_user_capability', '=', 'manage_options' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'header_scripts', 'crb_header_script' ),
		Field::make( 'footer_scripts', 'crb_footer_script' ),
	) );

// Add second options page under 'Basic Options'
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Social Links' )
	->set_page_parent( 'Basic Options' ) // title of a top level Theme Options page
	->where( 'current_user_capability', '=', 'manage_options' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_facebook_link' ),
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_twitter_link' ),
	) );

// Add third options page under "Appearance"
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Customize Background' )
	->set_page_parent( 'themes.php' ) // identificator of the "Appearance" admin section
	->where( 'current_user_capability', '=', 'manage_options' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'color', 'crb_background_color' ),
		Field::make( 'image', 'crb_background_image' ),
	) );
```

For detailed information on managing admin pages, see [Administration_Menus](http://codex.wordpress.org/Administration_Menus).

### Menu icon

To change the icon of your Theme Options page, you use `set_icon( $icon )`, where `$icon` can be one of the values, supported in the `$icon_url` parameter of the [add_menu_page()](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_menu_page) function.

Below you see an example for setting up the icon of the theme options page:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Basic Options' )
	->set_icon( 'dashicons-carrot' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_test_field' ),
	) );
```

### Menu position

To change the position priority of the page's menu button, you use `set_page_position( $position )`, where `$position` is a number. For more information see the [add_menu_page()](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_menu_page) function.

```php
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Basic Options' )
	->set_page_position( 80 )
	->add_fields( array(
		// ...
	) );
```

##### NB! You can specify custom icons only to parent theme options pages.

### Accessing field values

To retrieve field values from a theme options container, you need to use the function `carbon_get_theme_option( $name )`, where:

| Parameter            | Description                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `$name`              | The field name pattern of the field to be retrieved.                                              |

```php
<p>Copyright <?php echo carbon_get_theme_option( 'crb_copyright' ); ?></p>
<p>
	Office locations:
	<?php 
	$address_lines = carbon_get_theme_option( 'crb_addresses' );
	foreach ( $address_lines as $line ) {
		echo $line . '<br/>';
	}
	?>
<p>
```

After saving, the `carbon_fields_theme_options_container_saved` hook is called, which allows you to hook additional functionality after saving.

Commit message:

add changes related to manage_options capability and theme options/user meta containers

documentation/10-containers/30-theme-options.md, after:

# Theme Options

Theme option containers are used to add pages with options in the back-end. Field data is stored as [options](http://codex.wordpress.org/Option_Reference).
Note that by default only users with the `manage_options` capability have access to this container. In order to override this behavior please refer to the `carbon_fields_theme_options_container_admin_only_access` filter in the Hooks section.

By default, theme options containers automatically create main page in the admin area menu named **“Theme Options”**. In most cases these default settings are sufficient, but if you need to change the title or the location of a page in the menu, read the **“Multiple option pages”** section below.

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Theme Options' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_facebook_url') ,
		Field::make( 'textarea', 'crb_footer_text' )
	) );
```

### Multiple option pages

It is sometimes needed to create more than one option page. At other times you need to place different pages in different sections in the admin menu. For example, you might have extensive list of settings for the background that you would want to place on a separate Theme options page under Appearance.

To change the location of your Theme Options page, you use `set_page_parent( $parent )`, where `$parent` is either:

* Title of a top level Theme Options page.
* Indentificator of a top level menu section in the admin menu sidebar. This corresponds to the `$parent_slug` parameter of [add_submenu_page()](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_submenu_page). You can see all predefined page parents [here](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_submenu_page#Parameters).

Below you see sample code for creating three theme option containers:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

// Default options page
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Basic Options' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'header_scripts', 'crb_header_script' ),
		Field::make( 'footer_scripts', 'crb_footer_script' ),
	) );

// Add second options page under 'Basic Options'
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Social Links' )
	->set_page_parent( 'Basic Options' ) // title of a top level Theme Options page
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_facebook_link' ),
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_twitter_link' ),
	) );

// Add third options page under "Appearance"
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Customize Background' )
	->set_page_parent( 'themes.php' ) // identificator of the "Appearance" admin section
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'color', 'crb_background_color' ),
		Field::make( 'image', 'crb_background_image' ),
	) );
```

For detailed information on managing admin pages, see [Administration_Menus](http://codex.wordpress.org/Administration_Menus).

### Menu icon

To change the icon of your Theme Options page, you use `set_icon( $icon )`, where `$icon` can be one of the values, supported in the `$icon_url` parameter of the [add_menu_page()](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_menu_page) function.

Below you see an example for setting up the icon of the theme options page:

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Basic Options' )
	->set_icon( 'dashicons-carrot' )
	->add_fields( array(
		Field::make( 'text', 'crb_test_field' ),
	) );
```

### Menu position

To change the position priority of the page's menu button, you use `set_page_position( $position )`, where `$position` is a number. For more information see the [add_menu_page()](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_menu_page) function.

```php
Container::make( 'theme_options', 'Basic Options' )
	->set_page_position( 80 )
	->add_fields( array(
		// ...
	) );
```

##### NB! You can specify custom icons only to parent theme options pages.

### Accessing field values

To retrieve field values from a theme options container, you need to use the function `carbon_get_theme_option( $name )`, where:

| Parameter            | Description                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `$name`              | The field name pattern of the field to be retrieved.                                              |

```php
<p>Copyright <?php echo carbon_get_theme_option( 'crb_copyright' ); ?></p>
<p>
	Office locations:
	<?php 
	$address_lines = carbon_get_theme_option( 'crb_addresses' );
	foreach ( $address_lines as $line ) {
		echo $line . '<br/>';
	}
	?>
<p>
```

After saving, the `carbon_fields_theme_options_container_saved` hook is called, which allows you to hook additional functionality after saving.
