documentation/10-containers/60-comment-meta.md, before:

# Comment Meta

Comment meta containers add extra fields to the comment edit screens. Field data is stored separately for each comment as comment meta (see [add_comment_meta](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_comment_meta)).

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

Container::make( 'comment_meta', 'Comment Information' )
    ->add_fields( array(
        Field::make( 'text', 'crb_comment_rating', 'Comment Rating' ),
        Field::make( 'text', 'crb_comment_additional_info', 'Additional Comment Information' ),
    ) );
```

### Accessing field values

To access field values you need to use the function `carbon_get_comment_meta( $comment_id, $name )`, where:

| Parameter            | Description                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `$comment_id`        | Comment ID where your value was entered.                                            |
| `$name`              | The field name pattern of the field to be retrieved.                                              |

```php
<?php $comments = get_comments( array(
    'post_id' => get_the_ID(),
) );

foreach ( $comments as $comment ) {
    $comment_additional_info = carbon_get_comment_meta( $comment->comment_ID, 'crb_comment_additional_info' );
    $comment_rating    = carbon_get_comment_meta( $comment->comment_ID, 'crb_comment_rating' );

    if ( ! empty( $comment_additional_info ) ) {
        echo $comment->comment_ID . ' info: '. $comment_additional_info;
    }

    if ( ! empty( $comment_rating ) ) {
        echo 'Rating: ' . $comment_rating;
    }
}
?>
```

Commit message:

Update accessing values functions parameters to include container_id

documentation/10-containers/60-comment-meta.md, after:

# Comment Meta

Comment meta containers add extra fields to the comment edit screens. Field data is stored separately for each comment as comment meta (see [add_comment_meta](http://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/add_comment_meta)).

```php
use Carbon_Fields\Container;
use Carbon_Fields\Field;

Container::make( 'comment_meta', 'Comment Information' )
    ->add_fields( array(
        Field::make( 'text', 'crb_comment_rating', 'Comment Rating' ),
        Field::make( 'text', 'crb_comment_additional_info', 'Additional Comment Information' ),
    ) );
```

### Accessing field values

To access field values you need to use the function `carbon_get_comment_meta( $comment_id, $name, $container_id = '' )`, where:

| Parameter            | Description                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `$comment_id`        | Comment ID where your value was entered. (required)                                 |
| `$name`              | The field name pattern of the field to be retrieved. (required)                     |
| `$container_id`      | The container id for which to retrieve the field value. (optional) See [Post Meta Container](/containers/post-meta?id=accessing-field-values) for more info. |

```php
<?php $comments = get_comments( array(
    'post_id' => get_the_ID(),
) );

foreach ( $comments as $comment ) {
    $comment_additional_info = carbon_get_comment_meta( $comment->comment_ID, 'crb_comment_additional_info' );
    $comment_rating    = carbon_get_comment_meta( $comment->comment_ID, 'crb_comment_rating' );

    if ( ! empty( $comment_additional_info ) ) {
        echo $comment->comment_ID . ' info: '. $comment_additional_info;
    }

    if ( ! empty( $comment_rating ) ) {
        echo 'Rating: ' . $comment_rating;
    }
}
?>
```
